update a CSL link (#1356)
rstudio/bookdown: inst/examples/02-components.Rmd

Pandoc offers two methods for managing citations\index{citation} and bibliographic references in a document.

> 1. The default method is to use a Pandoc helper program called [`pandoc-citeproc`](https://github.com/jgm/pandoc-citeproc), which follows the specifications of the [Citation Style Language (CSL)](https://docs.citationstyles.org/en/stable/specification.html) and obtains specific formatting instructions from one of the huge number of available [CSL style files.](https://www.zotero.org/styles/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The default method is to use a Pandoc helper program called [`pandoc-citeproc`](https://github.com/jgm/pandoc-citeproc), which follows the specifications of the [Citation Style Language (CSL)](https://docs.citationstyles.org/en/v1.0.1/specification.html) and obtains specific formatting instructions from one of the huge number of available [CSL style files.](https://www.zotero.org/styles/)
```
